Welcome to London, a city known for its diverse 
food scene that is a melting pot of cultures  
and flavors from all around the world. whether 
you're foodie or simply someone who loves good  
food you're in for a treat because in this video 
we'll take you on a culinary journey through this  
city showing you the best locations for 
breakfast lunch and dinner. so sit back  
relax and get ready to tantalize your taste 
buds with the best food London has to offer  
we're starting off with breakfast. the first 
breakfast tip is The Breakfast Club. they have  
multiple locations all over the city. we had the 
best eggs benedict that we've ever had and they  
had so many more other options. second 
breakfast tip is "where the pancakes are"  
located in the area called Southwark. they have 
English breakfast pancakes that are to die for  
and they have so many vegan options as well if 
that is your thing. so here on STUFR we stuff  
our faces with the best food all over the world so 
subscribe right now so you won't miss any of our  
upcoming food adventures. and now let's move on to 
lunch in London. First option go to Borough Market.  
this is a food market that is foodie heaven 
first of all check out the famous Ginger Pig  
sausage rolls. I'm having a traditional sausage 
roll from the Ginger Pig here at Borough Market  
it's a really large chunk of meat but it's good. 
then check out the hot cross buns which are a  
traditional warm bun with raisins and cinnamon 
and it's really good [Music] refresh really soft  
really fluffy also sticky also a little sour. I 
think there's a lot of orange in there as well  
wow never had something like this before.
at the same shop they also have great donut  
options. I'm having a donut, a salted 
caramel donut with honeycomb on top  
and this is so good it has so much 
filling inside and it's really awesome
um
[Music]  
and don't forget about all the amazing fudge  
that they sell on Borough market 
so many flavors so many options
there are rainbow Bagels, there are sandwiches 
with pulled pork that will make your mouth water
if you are in the Covent Garden area then check 
out Ben's cookies, freshly baked cookies on the  
spot. crunchy outside gooey inside. it was really 
good. we had the ginger and dark chocolate option  
and of course if you're in London you need 
to have an afternoon tea so just head over  
into one of the pubs and order yourself a really 
nice English tea with milk. you'll love it well  
then it's time for dinner right so if you are in 
the pub having tea then maybe just stick around  
for dinner because a pub has so much really good 
local and traditional British food. for instance  
an amazing steak in ale pie with veggies and 
mashed potatoes or what about a shepherd's  
pie. for this you can just go to any Pub you'll 
see. but then we have another good option Street  
Burger by Gordon Ramsay the famous Gordon Ramsay 
and he has a few Street burger restaurants all  
over the city and their burgers are so fresh 
and so tasty. you can also have some fries on  
the side but be careful with the hot as 
hell fries because they are really really  
hot. and if you're there check out their amazing 
sticky toffee pudding. it is our new addiction
then if you're there for multiple nights you 
really want to head into a Indian restaurant  
because Indian food is huge in London and we 
have a secret tip for you because the India  
Club is a secret hidden local restaurant 
that only local Londoners go to because  
you won't see that it's a restaurant 
on the outside there's just a little  
chalkboard. you go into a stairway and then 
on the second floor is the restaurant it's  
a tiny simple restaurant not much decor 
but the food and the flavors are amazing  
it's also amazing we just found the hidden Indian 
restaurant in London and it's really like super  
simple looks like a kind of living living 
room canteen kind of setting but the food
mind blowing. if you're in London you must go here 
but it's really hard to get a table we were lucky  
so come early to get a table they don't have 
to have many tables so you're in for a treat. 
It's amazing. If you're into some Japanese food 
then go to Soryu Ramen. there we had amazing  
Ramen really good gyoza and some other Japanese 
snacks. if you want to have a great steak dinner  
then go to Blacklock Steakhouse in SoHo. their 
steaks are really superb quality and definitely  
check out their dessert menu because the white 
chocolate cheesecake is heaven it was so lush. 
and they come with a big bowl and they scoop on 
your plate and you can say when it's enough. it was  
just really good. after dinner you might want to 
go and have a nice cocktail right because you're  
in London you want to celebrate then check out 
Cahoots cocktails in SoHo. their cocktail menu is  
really extensive and especially the serving staff 
is so funny and authentic. you'll have a great  
time [Music] so after all that food and Cocktails 
if you still want a midnight snack then head over  
to Chinatown and maybe try a fresh egg tart over 
there or any other tiny little Chinese snack
when you're in the UK you have to get a chocolate orange, these are amazing chocolate with  
orange and you have to smash them to open 
it and it feels like a orange but actually  
we don't need the chocolate orange today 
because we already have like 10 or 12 of  
those at home. okay we went and splurged. we 
were at Harrods and we splurged. we paid nine  
pounds for a little pistachio raspberry tart. 
it looks awesome it has the Harrods logo on it  
which I should eat first. Maybe. it looks gorgeous 
this is like really haute-patisserie, I would call  
I hope at least I hope the flavors are 
as amazing as it looks I'm gonna dig it
all the pistachio that's like a whole 
pistachio filling it's like a sort of  
like a cupcake but it's chocolate outside and it 
has a really like squishy pistachio filling inside  
and then there's more raspberry inside 
I do have to say this is very special  
I wouldn't say it's worth nine pounds maybe but 
it's really awesome the flavors are really good  
and it's nice to treat yourself 
sometimes and the cameraman is  
saying my mouth is covered in everything 
I don't care I'm enjoying this 
yes and I think that's about it for a full days of 
food in London well check out the description box  
for all the details all the links to the places 
that we mentioned in this video and needless to  
say that food and London go together hand in hand 
we had a great time thank you for watching this  
video give it a thumbs up if you liked it and of 
course like I said in the beginning subscribe to  
our channel for more food adventures all 
over the world thank you for watching bye  