Hi lovely people, I am in Italy in Piedmont
 and I'm gonna make a fantastic
Tagliatelle Bolognese. Yes, the original 
one. This is the way I love it. I have so many
different versions of making it this is
the way I make it. Now I've got my sofrito,
celery, carrot, onions, and pancetta. I soften
it up a little bit and now I have two
different mincemeat. One it minced veal,
you can see it's very very fine, just put
it inside
Oh yes, and the other one is minced pork
which is a little bit thicker. Inside here I put
one carrot, one onion and one stalk of celery
and is about 100 grams of pancetta.
Everything goes in. Now you see all the meat,
start to break the meat. It is so
important that you seal the meat
properly because some of the meat has just got
so much water inside you almost boil it
before you start to fry it. Here you
seal it you will get rid of all the water.
Right the meat is sealed now I need to
put a bit of wine, I like a nice red with
mine just put it inside
keep stirring it I have put the wine inside
now and now I put some tomato.
For proper Bolognese you use concentrate of
tomato with a little bit of water or
stock inside, which this is what I've done here, to become a little bit fine just put
it inside
Yeah! I'm gonna use the rest of the stock
and let it cook a little bit. Then you
use a stock. Very very important that you
use stock.
I carry on cooking. Use stock any stock.
Remember this is meat if you want to use
chicken stock fantastic
which is good or vegetable stock, both
ways working. Little bit more stock inside the
rest of the concentrated tomato
that I diluted just earlier on.
Let's put the lid on the gas is
turned down slowly slowly slowly.
Let's come back in about an hours time. But now and again I'll come back to stir it.
The sun is so nice we've go up an hour so let's sit in
the Sun contemplating how I am gonna serve it.
I can imagine it's gonna be so good.
This is looking good. Wow the Sun was
good! It revived me! Look at that! Come
inside! Just come and have a look.
Look this is about an hour it has become like a cream.
 Right, let's do it now. The pasta is
ready, the ragu is ready. Just a
little pan on top here, just little bit inside the pan.
Little bit of the of pasta water.
Let's use this one. We'll put the pasta on top here. 
Look at this!
Oh my my! This is what I'm talking about.
A proper bolognese. I think it's ready.
I put it all back in the pan, the reason
why because I want the pasta to grab
the lovely flavour of the sofrito, of
the pancetta, of the beef, so
everything is combined and all together
and also it sticks on it, and when it
sticks on it stays, and when you wrap
the fork inside, an explosion of flavour.
I keep saying all the time, because it is!
Turn everything off. Oh my. Yes. Go on until it's all in.
I can tell you it smells fantastic.
Just a little more drop of water. Pasta water is so important.
Ahhhh. Look at this!
A nice grating of Parmasean.
Oh oh! I love it!
And this is the proper Ragu Bolognese. So
easy to make it. So tasty.
You can see now the Sun is coming down
slowly slowly slowly, it's time for me to
go to eat. Actually it's time for me to eat
this Bolognese.
Tagliatelle Bolognese. Can I? No, I have to go in. Bless you!! Oh my my!