It's Christmas!
It's the jolliest season of them all!
And we're going for a romantic meal!
Okay!
We're about to go into Two Michelin Star Dinner by Heston.
We're gonna try an actual Michelin Star Christmas dinner.
We're gonna try an actual Michelin Star Christmas dinner.
It's a bold name for a restaurant.
If I did like Breakfast by Ollie, it wouldn't have the same class to it.
 Definitely not!
This is our room!
These are thrones!
I feel like we're gonna be making war decisions in the 1600s.
Invade Scotland!
Could get used to this.
I like a throne.
We've got a cracker!
It's not a Christmas meal unless you have a cracker, right?
Ready?
3, 2, 1.
What?
We don't need to delve into this.
Oh my gosh.
So we're going to have a
Florentino fish, we have some,
Hay smoked salmon, some horseradish gel,
beetroot gel with grated horseradish just on top.
Two fingers, we'll have it in a couple of bites.
Okey-dokey.
Thank you very much.
One of the best things about fancy restaurants.
- What do you mean? 
- What they serve it on.
This looks like a coffee cup that you left in your pocket
and then you put the jacket in the washing machine.
And like a cardboard, yeah, now I see what you mean.
- It does, let's do it. - It's Florentino fish.
Florentino fish, like filio fish in McDonald's?
No, definitely not.
Definitely not.
Alright.
Wow.
Wow.
There's a lot going on there.
It's very different from a filet au fish, I'd say.
Literally unrecognisable, I would say.
Almost like they're two completely different things.
Well, the second half of it, au fish, is the same.
Oh my gosh.
Florentine au fish.
Okay.
There's cranberry in there, right?
Which has got me in the festive season.
Okay, that's why it tastes sort of Christmassy.
I'm already thinking of Jesus.
Okay.
It's like bread.
The main event.
I love bread.
You came here for this, right?
Yeah, no, honestly you're joking but I kind of did.
I love bread.
Alright.
Slightly salted English butter on the side from Berkeley Farm.
Okay.
So our supplier is actually the same one that provides milk and dairy to the Royal Family.
So it should be very good.
Some royal butter.
Thank you very much.
This butter was diverted from Buckingham Palace.
Okay.
Well, this should taste quite familiar then as we just got that from Buckingham Palace the other week.
Not sure you saw that video.
Josh, it's been a great year.
It has.
We've eaten at more Michelin star restaurants this year than the entire rest of our lives put together.
I mean we've basically got a constellation of Michelin stars at this point.
Cheers mate. 
Cheers.
Honestly, the best thing about a Michelin star restaurant is the bread.
It is.
It is.
If you don't get this right, the Michelin man, he's walking straight out the door.
He's not even giving, you know.
It's like you fail on your driving test pulling out of the centre.
I just snorted everywhere.
You've got to get this right.
And damn, do they get this right.
Oh wow.
I think this is the moment you've been waiting for.
I've been waiting far too long for this moment.
Wow, it smells so good.
This was a common technique that medieval chefs used to do
in the 13 to 1400s.
You'd be terrified if you were served uncooked fruit
and vegetables during this time,
because it was believed uncooked,
they would spread many bad diseases.
Medieval chefs loved to play on this fear,
Because it was entertaining.
I love that the chef was like, you might die.
Yeah, well, back in the day.
I just kind of want to bite into it like an apple, but that's probably a terrible idea.
No, no, no, no, no, it's chicken limapaté that's going to be way too intense.
Oh!
Oh my gosh.
Oh wow.
That's definitely not how you're supposed to eat it, Ollie.
It was good though.
Of course it's good.
The artistry here.
I mean, you're engaging all of my senses.
One of them.
No, the smell, the sight.
The feeling of it, look at the amount.
I've touched this fruit already.
Getting a lot of satisfaction from the feeling.
And we're about to taste it.
That's the best part.
The best part.
Well, I'm sure they're going to present something
that sounds fun as well.
And then you've got all five.
If you squeeze it really hard,
you probably could get a little farting sound.
Cheers mate.
Wow, I mean, yeah.
This takes me right back to the first time we had this.
That mulled wine jelly gives it this really nice Christmassy taste and feel.
The whole experience is just so satisfying.
So, I've said this before, I'll say it again.
Mission Star restaurants, they love a bit of jelly.
Jelly.
They love it.
When something gets that little satisfying gelatinous wobble.
In Macau, I think we had three or four different kinds of jelly.
Everything was served on lobster jelly.
Yeah, it's very versatile.
Yeah, I suppose.
You could have dessert, main course.
Starter.
starter.
Very good.
Put it in a shot glass, jelly shots.
Ok.
So we're on to the next course for you, which is the venison.
Serve that with some red cabbage, so we've got braised red cabbage gel.
We also have some of Heston's classic triple cooked chips, served with our house made mushroom ketchup.
Excellent.
And then for some festive sides we've got some sprouts, cooked with some bacon and chestnut.
Those are brussel sprouts.
They are.
And some honey glazed parsnips as well, with a little bit of lemon thyme on top.
So this is the Christmas dinner section.
They switched out turkey, which let's be honest is very hard to sympathise with the turkey.
They're basically just an angry chicken.
And they've replaced it with Bambi.
Probably the most innocent of all animals.
Great, thanks for that.
Actually William the Conqueror, his coronation was on Christmas day in 1066.
Okay.
He had venison. He basically made venison hunting the sport of kings. So he restricted
from other people from hunting and eating venison. It became the king's meat. Venison
then became the premium meat and the premium Christmas meat for the upper classes around that time.
The original British Christmas dinner for the royalty.
I mean it makes sense that someone whose byline is "The Conqueror" would love eating Bambi.
Okay, now you've, straight back to Bambi.
You made your career out of marauding.
You're definitely gonna go after an orphaned, adorable.
Okay, yeah, wow.
I mean, marauding, I feel like, isn't quite doing justice.
You've conquered an entire country.
Josh, this is the moment in the meal
that we look into each other's eyes
As we take one of the finest bites of our lives.
I mean, is the eye contact necessary?
Oh, yeah, I'll give you a little cheers.
Off-putting.
Oh my gosh.
That is unbelievable.
That is so good.
You know what that taste makes me think?
It's just amazing we didn't have a revolution.
What do you mean?
That we had a royal system that cooked stuff like this
back when people were fricking dying of the plague.
Oh my gosh.
And then they were like, you know what?
No one else can eat this.
This is just for us.
and we didn't overthrow them.
What's wrong with us?
Yeah, if we had had a revolution,
this recipe probably would have been lost to time.
That's true.
Because the French famously have terrible food.
Great.
Thanks for that.
Yep.
That is incredible.
You know, it's interesting because it does taste festive.
You wanna eat that in the bleak mid-winter.
Like it's warm and then you taste it as it goes down.
All right.
Oh, you're going straight in with a parsnip.
Let's go.
Honey roast parsnip.
Oh my gosh.
See, I'm often not a fan of parsnips.
What?
That is crazy good.
That's like a completely different food.
Holy moly.
It doesn't have that sharpness
that a parsnip can sometimes have,
the stringiness to it.
Oh, the texture.
Sweet, covered in like this honey glaze.
So parsnips, traditionally,
they're like an essential Christmas item.
You know, Christmas is a time to be charitable,
and you crack out the unpopular vegetables.
Okay, okay.
I love parsnips.
I love parsnips so much that when I used to go back
and visit my parents in China over Christmas holiday,
I would fill my suitcase with a couple bags of parsnips
to take, 'cause you cannot find parsnips in China.
You know, when you're living outside of the UK,
you miss that British proper Christmas roast dinner
and parsnips are a key part of that.
I feel like you've just told me
that your favorite film is "Transformers."
Okay.
There's someone out there watching.
Yeah, that's true.
Michelin star Brussels sprouts.
What?
It doesn't taste anything like Brussels sprouts.
There's so much going on.
It doesn't taste like Brussels sprouts at all.
When we were growing up, me and my siblings used to try and eat the Brussels sprouts before we said grace
so that we didn't have to thank God for them.
But I would happily thank God for that.
Oh, 100%.
Heston's famous triple cooked chips.
We had these with our Michelin starfish and chips.
This is mushroom ketchup,
which looks almost a bit Halloween-y,
but tastes flipping glorious.
I mean, it looks like engine oil.
It does, yeah. That's true.
Nobody does it better.
The best chips.
It's got that glassy exterior.
And then the inside is like mashed potato.
It's like a cloud.
Wow.
We're at the presence of greatness.
That is it, that is it.
I'm getting some serious nostalgia right now.
Oh. Wow.
Wow.
The most iconic dessert that we do here.
You've heard about it, seen it?
Yes, yes..
This is our kind of our festive take as well.
So it's a triple baked brioche.
Okay.
It's finished with some vanilla custard,
finished off with a bit of sherry,
and my favourite would be five hour roasted pineapple.
It's basically like pineapple brisket.
Pineapple.
Five hours?
It's a pineapple rib.
Feel how soft that is.
Oh my gosh.
Oh gosh.
Look at that.
Can you listen to the top?
Oh.
Yes.
-ou can hear how crispy that is on the top.
Is it as good as I remember?
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Yes!
That is so good!
The crispy top to the brioche.
The bun inside is perfectly soft.
It's like a cloud.
It's warm, like a croissant straight out of the oven.
This is literally the best dessert I've ever had.
You know what?
I think it's the best dessert you've ever had.
And if you guys have the privilege of trying it,
you're not gonna have any of mine,
but if you do, it will be the best you've ever had.
There's nothing better than that.
Like it was worth William conquering this country.
Wow.
 All right.
Slow roast pineapple.
Pineapple brisket.
Wow.
sour, sweet, perfect combination.
You're not a big fan.
You know.
It's a lot of flavour.
Oh, you're a simple taster.
You like things to be a bit more bland.
You know, having it side by side with that,
it's like going up for karaoke after Beyonce.
Okay.
You know?
Yeah, I mean.
I'm pretty good.
You probably would rock a Beyonce cover, but.
If Queen B was up there right before me,
and then I got up.
No one wants to hear you.
No one wants to.
And unfortunately, I think that's what's going on
I think it pairs well with the pineapple.
It offsets the soft buttery sweetness of that with a little bit of tangy sourness.
It's not in the same league.
It's an insult, actually.
Wow.
Luke, I just want you to remember, right now is BTC before tipsy cake.
Right?
Okay.
You're an idiot.
All right.
From now on in this moment, your life is going to...
Your life is ATC.
Is that a combination of every best British dessert combined into one, isn't it?
I didn't get to try it the first time because you ate it.
I don't regret it.
Do you blame me?
Do you blame me?
No.
What?
Oh my.
I feel like we've just entered Willy Wonka's chocolate factory.
I'm here to let you experience the grand finale of the restaurant.
It's liquid nitrogen ice cream trolley.
We're gonna be using common custard, which is made of vanilla, and then we have the main component, which is liquid nitrogen.
Woah!
So what the liquid nitrogen does is essentially brings the custard, by the way.
Your ice cream is ready in a few minutes or a few seconds.
Thank you so much, good sir!
Thank you very much!
Here we go.
Cheers mate.
Wow.
It's crazy that that was room temperature custard.
It's just like normal custard.
Delicious ice cream.
Well, Josh.
This has been michelin star Christmas dinner.
It's kind of, in a way, a tribute act
to the Christmas dinner.
Yeah.
But if the tribute act was performed by the Beatles,
You know?
Technically not their songs,
but they're performing them way better than anyone else.
Oh, 100%.
There's only one way we can end a proper Christmas dinner,
and that is with Christmas presents.
Got you a two-parter.
I know you're a big man on novelty socks.
Oh, friend Charlie.
It's been a crazy year this year.
It has.
One especially crazy aspect of it
is we went and met King Charles twice.
I'm gonna just say it.
Yeah?
Not the most flattering portrait.
Be a bit more careful with this one.
Oh, that was a heavy clunk.
Oh my gosh, that is really heavy.
Don't clunk it.
Oh, look at that.
Oh!
So this is to celebrate 10 years on YouTube together.
Oh.
It's from the year that we started YouTube, 2013.
Thanks man.
Oh, that's really kind.
Very special occasion.
I kind of still can't really believe that it's been been 10 years.
Looking at you, I can.
Yeah, wow.
Wow!
And you look better than me!
Okay!
So for my present...
What is that?
Honestly?
What's in here?
I looked up in my diary, I started working on this over a year ago.
It's been a huge journey to arrive at this spot.
What?
You are about to become the first person in history to unknowingly publish...
There's no way!
Your own novel!
There's no way!
Another book!
It's a space opera!
What does that mean?!
Initially the plan was to do this with AI but actually we scrapped that idea very early on.
Instead I worked with a team of comedy writers for an entire year to write this book.
It's an epic, hilarious space travelling adventure starring you, me, Gabie, a bunch of other
YouTubers racing to save your carrot best friend on Mars
There's even a song in there that you can access through a QR code embedded in the book. 
There's illustrations
There's Gabie looking like bloody Princess Leia on the front. 
Yeah Gabie plays a pretty significant role. 
Does she know about this.
No, 
Of course not.
After a rocket unexpectedly blasts off from carrot land adventure park and charts a course for Mars questions abound.
Who is on the controls? Why is the cosmetics industry insisting that NASA nuke it out of the sky?
And what was a live rocket doing in New Zealand's favourite family attraction anyway?
Influencer and best-selling author Josh Carrott doesn't know much, 
But he's got a funny feeling he needs to track that rocket down and save the blooming day.
So put on your neck brace and prepare for this warp speed caper, Space Carrots.
Could there possibly be more going on than meets the eye?
So come on jolly beans, get out there and order Space Carrots, a novel by Josh Carrot.
It's the perfect gift for that special person in your life, whether that's your boyfriend or
girlfriend, friends or family, your ex-fiance, awkward neighbour, dental hygienist, accountant,
pet dietitian, that guy from work, literally anyone, buy the book is what I'm saying!
And if you want it in time for Christmas order today.
Let's make Josh a double bestseller and all funds from the sales of the book
will go into my next carrotland project which is honestly completely insane.
My parents are gonna want signed copies again.
So weird.